We implimented our project by creating a server on flask that generates a list of Taylor Swift songs based on the boxes checked in the Playlist Generator form. In app.py, first, we layed the groundwork for the website by configuring the application with Flask, setting template auto-reload to true, initializing the session to filesystem instead of cookies, and assigning the database to our themes sqlite database. We based our SQL database on a Google Sheet that was created originally by Kate Griem and Sonia Wides. After creating the database, we initialized an array called columns with each element corresponding to an overarching theme in Taylor Swift songs. Since these are fixed column names as opposed to elements within the themes database, it is reasonable to hardcode these values instead of querying for them. After defining our column names, we defined a function called after_request that takes in a response as an argument and ensures the response is not stored somewhere, or "cached". We defined our index function to render the main page as a form with each checkbox representing one theme, which will be discussed further in the description of the html. Our last and most important function, search, renders the index page if the method used was get, simply returning the user to the home page. If the method is post, that signifies that the user checked one or more checkboxes for their desired playlist. To render the playlist, we first initialize a dictionary with all of the column names (themes) corresponding to a false value. The function then loops through each checkbox to check if it was chekced or not. If the box was checked, the function then converts the checkbox name to its corresponding column name by making all letters lowercase and converting any spaces to underscores. Now with the correct column name, we query the database to produce every song within that theme and return those values to the html. 

We have three html templates for this project. The layout.html file sets up the backdrop of the website that will always be visible no matter how the user interacts. This includes the SwiftSearch title in the top left corner that returns you to the main (index) page, the youtube sign in feature, the pink and white background, and the credit to Kate Griem and Sonia Wides at the very bottom. The index.html file displays the Playlist Generator form by iterating throughn the themes within the columns array and creating a checkbox for each value, with a "Go!" button at the bottom to submit the form. Lastly, the search.html file displays the song and album of every song under the theme(s) input into the form. This is done by iterating through the array songs and displaying the corresponding name and album name for each value. 

The last piece of our project is the css! We kept the style of the website relatively simple and created a red and white theme based on Taylor Swift's newest release of her Red album this past November. We decided to make both the form and the search results display page as a white box centered in the middle of the website to keep it looking clean. 